Taqwa is the state of hyper-vigilance against falling into sin in negligence. 

The best equivalent for Taqwa is God-consciousness

Taqwa, when coupled with Imaan (faith), makes a well-rounded believer.
A person who has Taqwa is a Muttaqi

When the son of Adam dies, his body disintegrates and vanishes apart from the tailbone. which is a bone at the base of the spine.

When the Resurrection begins, Allaah will cause the bodies to grow by means of rain from the earth

“The distance between the shoulders of the kaafir [in Hell] will be that of three days’ swift travelling

Jannah (Paradise)
Jannah (Paradise)
Muttaqoon (believers)

The meaning of the Arabic word "Shari'ah" is a path to be followed

The cutting off of the hand (amputation) of a confirmed thief by the Islamic State would not be just unless the State has provided the thief with no excuse, e.g. employment and/or social welfare for the poor and needy (by the institution of the Zakat). Moreover, punishment for theft also depends on the age of the thief, the amount stolen, reasons for stealing, where the object was stolen from, etc. A thief is only punished where he has a reasonable alternative to stealing

Assalamu Alaykum” means more than just “Good morning” or “Good afternoon”. It means you are extending not only your wishes for Allah’s peace to be upon the person, but also you are extending your own guarantee of peace and security

“When the people of the Book salute you say: ‘The same to you’.

However, if there is a mixed group or even one Muslim in a group of nonMuslims, the salam may be used in accordance with another Hadith in which Usama b. Zaid related that the Messenger of God passed a mixed company of Muslims, polytheists who worshipped idols and Jews and gave them a salutation of peace 

- Some scholars conclude that salam cannot be said to non muslims
- Some other scholars salam can be innitiate to non muslims as long as there is no hostile condition. 
- But all scholars agree that reply can be give to salam initiated by a non muslim. They only differ on the format of the reply. 


Qada’ (or Qadr) means Allah’s decree, implying His complete final control over the outcome of events.

The meaning of fear of God in Islam does not suggest anything horrible. Rather it means God consciousness, reverence, being in awe of God, aware of Him, loving Him and therefore fearing to offend Him by doing the things He has forbidden and earning His displeasure or punishment.




















